Ah, looking for a place to hire
You stinky maid
Can you get out with another surprise?
No, I actually met just now, shut up
Let me tell you something.
3 days later is the Senate meeting of the senior management of the temporary consortium
During this time, we have any errands
Otherwise, you will be responsible for the consequences.
An adulterer
Sure enough, it's you for your youth
The wealthy murdered my sister
Now my sister is still alive
To do such a thing
Sister, you have been gentle and kind since you were a child
I don't believe you will repeat suicide
I must find the murderer
Give you justice
Put my sister's body in the warehouse first
Plus triple poisoning
No one is allowed in without my order
I will start from now on
I'm going to pretend to be my sister
Find the culprit
Evergreen, I won't hold you back
But I'm begging you.
Take another look.